[Music]
hello beautiful people welcome back to
another video today's video is oh my god
so exciting potentially up there is one
of the most exciting videos are filmed
all year and is my first-ever 24 hour
food challenge only eating Christmas
festive foods which is the dreamiest
thing ever
who doesn't love Christmas Day food so
I'm gonna do a full day getting you know
in the Christmas spirit in full force
today he's basically like Christmas Day
it is about half 9:00 so we're gonna go
and get some breakfast I've just been
trying to like see what shops do have
like actual particular Christmas ranges
because I kind of want to go all out
it's been so long since I've done like a
24 hour challenge food videos also I'll
show you my workout today and I'll just
take you along with me throughout my day
I've got quite a bit of running around
to do like Christmases so nearly here
and I go away on Saturday morning by
actually to drive up to Durham which is
a really long journey to kiss Penelope
staying up there and whilst were away
over Christmas we're going to the old
oops Alps I'm beyond excited so it's
quite nice to do like the full Christmas
food before I go because obviously I
don't know what we'll be eating over
there and that kind of thing so here is
my little outfit of the day I've just
got a black jumper on some wet look
jeans and this gorgeous coat and this is
like the cozier and it's actually the
first time I have worn it and I've got a
feeling I'm going to be living in this
super cozy and like oversized and we've
got Penelope down here she always steals
the show look at he pretty girl good
take you for a walk place wrong way
[Music]
we died which is super exciting and
hopefully they'll arrive in time right
so we're gonna go in Spain's we blow and
show us all that I am a triage
[Music]
oh my god
right so after I found I just ordered
they had this like hazelnut hazelnut and
praline praline with cream and like
these gold little chocolate nibs on top
chorus tries it smells it's so good I
had a bit of an issue then trying to get
into my cart with this and try not to
spill it I absolutely love hazelnut so
this is like a hot chocolate this is
such a Christmasy drink it's obviously
starting off with a bang I think this is
like a regular size but if pretty big
and I love it you can't really taste the
hazelnut though it's not gonna taste too
strong it's very tough it just like a
milky hot chocolate now but maybe it
just cuz I'm not got it all the cream he
also had oh my god gingerbread
Gingerbread hot chocolate like Christmas
this is getting me in such a festive
mood that was so delicious please what
they don't thank you today it's such a
crisp winter's day and I'm all here for
it everyone just seems so cheery like I
love this time of year everyone's in the
best mood despite it being like the so
busy absolutely everywhere like the post
office was rampant I'm also going to
film a car route because we've been on
zero miles for a day up to now I'm the
lazy person when it comes to feeling
like I'm so chill and laid-back I
actually ran out of fuel on my
graduation morning and had to get over
to the petrol station by a petrol can
thing can tank than like mini green ones
and go back to my car and I was so late
I was late to my own graduation all the
family like lead off doing it
which is actually located for both ears
it's only cheap and there's like no
different flavors a very nice blood
orange but obviously we just got to have
very traditional you know it stick to
what you know we've got the good and I
am about to my first meal of the day I'm
going to show you what we have got what
working what's this is going first
Christmas morning without Hartnett
cranberry sauce
brandy cream spent 18 pounds 21 which I
don't thinks about is I got like a
really good full meal so I had actually
feel pretty sick from that little hot
chocolate on I'm gonna get started on a
break for it on my breakfast that I
quickly successful shop but I'm just I
feel like but I am feeling a little bit
sick like that hot chocolate was so
sickly and I haven't heard where those
before so I'm gonna make this mince pie
flavored porridge and always does
actually taste or anything and I also
got a mince pie to go in it and brandy
cream and open up my books fit its
Mason's gonna get home and be like
Olivia what is going on a little book
space for those who don't know isn't it
she just like oranges with wine
right miss Tiffany cops it's not like a
polyfill it is it's grew one
oh it's so nice it just tastes like
orange lemonade how she really for
masters well had a really easy quick
heal it she dressed buried the lid add
water to the fill line stir and leave
for two or three minutes so that is
super easy so it is pointing I was
actually expecting that I'm gonna have
like mince pie pieces in the actual
porridge but it's just like the adres it
smells a bit like cinnamon no it's just
fun I got I got a natural mince pie
[Applause]
oh so nice man I was thinking of just
pray that oh my god this is dreamy so
this is the brandy cream so nice Ike
always talking hmmm nice so nice I don't
know what's got oh my god the Mitch pies
like he's got this is so good we can't
retake the porridge it doesn't really
taste like mince pie it just kind of
takes a bit of cinnamon tea and the
mince pie makes me an interest to remate
like gosh you need to try this at home
over Christmas it's important
[Music]
maybe the combo it wasn't going to be
that nice but ah that was so good now
like half tooth and I'm gonna go in they
store bakery here it is now lunchtime
I'm gonna go and see what Christmas good
I'm actually really hungry now so I just
popped to the Bay three and I've got a
turkey cranberry and stuffing bad
because it was past two o'clock they
didn't do like the hot panini's so yeah
it's like a cold war but I'm thinking
I'm just gonna put in the oven and warm
it up yeah it's got cranberry sauce all
the goodness that breakfast I had or was
delicious like I would oh my god I feel
like I'm gonna end up craving that all
this week and just a little disclaimer
if you fall before why you'll know how
much I earn into my health and fitness
I don't eat mince pie for breakfast
every day and I in moderation I don't
restrict anything that is all mentioned
in my new eight-week fitness guide which
I'll leave in the link below has to work
out splits in there for day and a five
day and loads of information and how to
gain muscle and also how to lose overall
body fat but yet I just thought I've
mentioned that I've been to the gym so
I'll show you what I got up to so they
did what all working with oh yeah come
to man that that that an extra little
Christmas tree can we just look at that
goodness we've got a bit of stuff in
Turkey it looks so yummy I'm heated up
as well so this is such a shout I'm
honestly in my element this was the best
idea ever
[Music]
guys that well this so now I feel like
I'm like food kinda doubt though I
absolutely love Turkey and stuff it's
just like the best day ever honestly
Krispy Kreme time I've never seen these
before like I haven't can either yes oh
it's a little reindeer with red nose and
a little chocolate stick mmm-hmm so they
start out of it
he's like a toffee thing they just
tastes so fresh and we're all very
excited look she loves her walk so I've
just come out on a walk I'm walking
little penelope Bob it's quite a few
fields and near me so she lets go in
there but because she's still quite
young she can't walk too far I have
heard so I'm sure Gus today and had like
a sugar crash but tonight
so I've popped a chicken in the oven and
I was really good they didn't have any
turkeys in Tesco and they said they
don't have any until like the 19th or
something but you know checking will do
it's just one of those ones that you pop
in a bag which was so hand this field
it's nice and frozen today which means
it's not half as muddy as it normally is
and I'm like an amateur dog walker
because I took her here it was last week
and there was like this whole flat field
it was flooded and I can't you know I
was like putting one of her poo bags in
the bin and I just stoked slipped and
went straight on the back it's most
embarrassing thing ever it's quite busy
as well but you know these things happen
the chicken has got about twenty minutes
later came back from our walk with
Penelope
and it was the first time I let her off
the lead today I'm hotter than laughs
like oh it's so scary it's a really
really good girl
and she meant like a new little bestie I
got some videos on my phone but I didn't
bother getting my camera she's really
knows this dog but is literally like
triple her size so I'm gonna make these
chicken in a blanket and make my little
Christmas dinner I've got some sprouts
and also from fattening something start
cooking it all that right so we've got
the Pigman banks and the partner Trent
to go in they take about 55 minutes and
these only take 20 so I got this as well
from Tesco this little chocolate
reindeer thing and waiting for my roast
to cook
encourage tears up cheap chocolate
though no but these two have after my
dinner but to be honest that chocolate
wasn't nice at all so I thought I'd try
a white chocolate one I've got a thing
with white chocolate Lauren I much
prefer it to normal like milk which yeah
it's not great Tesco's chocolate bunnies
on the know scissor
agent what bristles perhaps my parsnips
have done chicken is done and sprouts
the pig is literally made listen a bit
gravy but low acquittal it's you've got
a little roll just going on here
Mason's in Liverpool so it's just gonna
be me dinner really but I was I thought
who's gonna be having time but even so
you know I'm just gonna tuck in those
chickens pigs and blankets are so nice
delicious put the cranberry sauce on and
I'm so so full right now I've eaten so
much and I think that chocolate
chocolate and sweets duper today don't
feel sick but that was honestly such a
fun challenge let me know in the
comments if there's any of the
challenges you'd like to see and I'll
make sure I do
if you did enjoy the for you don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and
subscribe to my channel but I really
hope you enjoyed it thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you guys in
the next video